# Flick

The Flick social network is being developed by a group of computer engineering students and targets everyone, regardless of who they are, that is looking to have fun and connect with friends and strangers online.
What motivated the creation of Flick was the fact that there isn't many apps where you can be public while still keeping a lot of your account private, so now this project is hoping to develop a web-based social network that allows its users to interact with each other and post freely, while still keeping the option of a separate feed for each user. The separate feed will be personalized regarding the users interests and friends.
A team of administrators is defined by the super administrator. Besides the super administrator, this team will be one of the multiple possible groups with different permissions that a user can be part of.
A second group is the unauthenticated users, also known as guests or visitors. This group will have access to the initial page where they can see the public feed but not interact with it (like, comment, post...). They still have the option to search for users and view their public profiles. They will also have access to information about Flick and the options to create an account and sign in. After doing these two last steps the user will now be part of a third group of users.
This third group would be the authenticated users. They can add or remove information to the application, such as posting photos, texts and videos or even editing or deleting previous posts. Since only the author of the post as these permissions, they became part of the group post owner, the same applies for the authors of comments and these become part of the group comment author. Registered users can interact with the content by liking, commenting and sharing, and even interact with other users by becoming friends and chatting, individually or in group chats. The registered user can gain more permissions when he creates a group chat. When this appends the user becomes administrator of this group chat and is now part of a new type of user, the group owners. Group members also gain some more permissions like the ability to chat in the group or leave the group, so they also form a new type of user, the group members.
The administrators will have all the features that the previous groups have and also some additional permissions that will allow them to manage the app, like for example, they will be able to moderate the users by blocking them or removing other users' posts. One other permission will allow the administrators to make changes in the tags that will be optional for users to personalize their content.
The platform will have a flexible design with easy navigation, allowing the user to have access to intuitive menus, with quick access to other pages. It will also have two main pages, one in which a user can see public posts, and another one for friends and personalized content according to the user’s preferences. The user can also search for specific content and users, with the searching feature with filters in Flick. We hope that all of these features will enable users to have a pleasant experience while connecting with each other, making conversations fun and easy.
